ah and there is that engage we could do
it any oh just before we dive into Star
Trek a bridge crew in VR thank you very
much to oculus for sponsoring this video
providing the oculus rift and the touch
controllers man for a Trekkie like me
this game is absolutely amazing to play
we have a special guest in genetic B he
comes along for the ride so sit back and
enjoy the hilarity that ensues when we
play this game together tricky or not
you're gonna love it let's boldly go yo
yo yo everybody super ultra captain of
the ones energy here playing a loop
Star Trek what is a which crew with my
buddy differ hello you I'll actually oh
yeah hang on country those Vulcan I
doesn't let me do the Volcom you know
fingers apart sort of thing you'd go
like that there you go H last episode
dude we we did the prologue we did and
then we we went through the time ago T
rickshaw yeah I can live off the thing
well but now this is real deal this is
not a training exercise right episode 1
stormy seas that's it we get begin
exploration of the trench whatever that
is
sounds big great things will happen
dangerous things the interesting things
that blow up like last time I sort we
want to see where they make it so
captain thank you so the hermit craft is
on its second mission let's go captain's
log stardate two two five eight point
one nine I love this view we believe
we've identified a candidate world for
Vulcan resettlement
the Governing Council for settlements in
the trench has granted us permission to
perform a survey of Silla before and its
home system on condition that we share
all our findings with the council will
be accompanied by our Science Vessel USS
Huxley this is our first journey into
the uninhabited regions of the trench
personal log base M&T for aboard the USS
Ellicott I'm talking to get underway
like you that you are presently a higher
United Federation of Planets out there
grief no fresh air for each of you to
demonstrate our ideals to the Highland
people degree you hear more startling
commands every confidence don't blame us
to be casually great softly out like
where's the Huxley let's have a look at
the hut you ok wait Laura Huxley oh it's
actually a key a man women who have USS
actually listen check that complete
we're ready to cool well stand by and
follow you are doing already excellent
sounds like a plan hey you know what
you've really got a name your last
episode back on the home craft that's
just or do you let me go completely what
do you mean leave you may be a real
emergency right we've got an objective
blood of course to silver and align the
ship for war well we will learn it for
work okay okay what's this honor
Oh uncle doctor that dude must be happy
this is 3k I'm so ready there we go oh
here we go this is your job then can you
please align us with a silver galaxy yes
aligning with the silver Oh under
pressure now you got to get it done
before we're oh okay okay
so of here yeah I think if it turns to
the right a bit
starboard oh oh I actually had to steer
to it
here you go yes you do am i doing oh
okay II am with the program okay and
then you can warp us there with the big
picketing on the left hook hang on easy
just a bit all go what I'm on it oh you
got a line up again okay okay I get it
that's back to the star dock there you
go Rou really you just now set to work
I'll get into the fair the warp engines
for the seconds I'm no sarcasm now
listen yes I had a look through here
real towards home a canadian it can't do
this don't do that
luckily over to you oh oh nice nice at
the work okay there you go
Oh recharging now babe there we go come
and do this a little bit more just a bit
more as a wrong - I freakin wait help me
up before they go - good yeah look at
that
oh yeah whoa my eyeballs
oh wait in the huddle is arrival they
should be arriving early okay looks like
this is a localized energy pulses nearby
ooh I do not recognize their signature
was that you had beans for lunch you
don't go means we perform an act you
better not look at the local energy folk
look the other way please yeah I know
well there we go
we're deep holes can you scan that
volatile object are we a second
I know spelling this one well time jerk
but scrub uh Huxley is unable to impulse
them within this actually is going to
say the century nose distortions one
just detonated when we got close to it
whoa but we don't want to do that again
oh okay Billy maintain a safe distance
from that volatile object can you scan
it will it let you do that yeah
candidate number facial disturbances
wave forms are similar to a class one
plasma students but it seems to be
affecting the entire system oh it may
impact navigation now we've got GV at
the helm
yeah buy it no problem well ensign
Robert you know take over for me
whatever you like right yeah what are we
what are we supposed to do now is the
next step captain okay we've got
happened I'm over here now oh hello you
just choose short across that we've got
to go to the silver for region so
prepare prepare the impulse engines
notorious what give me negative and
there we go now it's really yeah go
engage engage oh good oh I see like that
captain USS Huxley is getting unusual
readings from their planetary scan
requesting we verify with a scan of our
own okay we've got to get there first so
just hold your horses there you go and
then yeah and then am i doing I think we
need to prepare the impulse there we go
Oh Oh are we going to do that pilot no
no this is impulse this is fine this is
fine - what am i doing oh I'm just
getting nice and close that's all okay
guys let's cure easily whether that's
through the planet yeah oh man okay
there's anomalies around the planet I
think we can scan the form long-range
scan on silver for you might have to do
that launcher pro yes all we go fire a
probe oh cool not although he has been
fired
captain excellent sir you sure that one
like a photon torpedo oh there we go
you've done it MIT did I didn't do it
entry okay hmm
silver for me
have been inhabitable sometime in the
past and if so something has changed it
dramatically from capital on screen
cuckoo that's my science team to perform
a planetary scan done so before take us
a little while if you can complete a
survey the remaining areas we should be
finished by the time you return okay so
we can impulse to the collector moon
region impulse to the nebula region or
impulse to the asteroid field region
Geordi what paper scissors and we'll
choose which what we gonna do yeah what
do you reckon I don't I guess go with
the first one
yeah asteroid field region learnt
several go for a rock that's the Huxley
and where do we where is that oh here we
go
binary stars asteroid fields into three
anomalies now the monkeys did we get
there
they my skin that notation silver dead
planet asteroid I'll okay we've got to
go to the dead planet asteroid field
there we go and soon prepare impulse
engine so he's learned his lesson from
last time he's not giving me no less
easy there yes hi captain this returning
us to suggest the anomalies effects will
be mild
on your mark captain yes oh no sorry one
thing I engage full speed go make it
Suns in risk of damage to the ship
trifling analysis to your panel captain
wood what's going to visit like what now
you fellows we're already on the way
this point she is over there again ease
okay that's something yeah what which is
are they like usually well you're going
to trip up to you you're the captain
bossman
I'm just a monkey at the computer next
time he needs to tell us before I press
the buttons ago yes no real what's not
big purposing there look at that oh oh
this I can explain it are the moon's
blown up oh whoa stop oh don't somebody
else wrong being anomalous readings from
the asteroid cluster captain can you
scan the moon yeah I'm deeper within the
field
the storm is getting stronger I need
readings I believe it may be and if
you're speaking of some sort did you
poke at the same time she's the reason
what would you find and scan the source
of the distress call okay there we go
signal source approach target full speed
ensign holy with that one okay yeah that
target yeah this is clearly out of range
we'll be there
full speed I know that's okay that your
body like should I go over there no in
your Jenna are you doing your job be
good no wait he's not really doing his
job
I'm gonna hit the thing again what's
that I know what's nothing man that's
the the thing that we shouldn't go you
better hope you've hit the more room
there's a magic rock oh I think she just
said uh okay wait a minute what I think
mmm I think she just said there's fired
on a multiple deck all the checks off
you can fix crack on him subsystem
damage tonight an alarm it weren't you
talk okay let's analyze the targeted my
readings suggest the effective I guess
this is mom
hi all right how do I do subsystem
damage maximum to repair oh that's
another mine don't damage
oh hey Lindy
what's he sending me now smaller whoa I
think are they mines or something yeah
who should need my hose you know these
might be okay we're going towards you
everything there we go that's all we
want to go though this seems like pretty
good right we can ski in there probably
by now not close enough yeah a cow
getting to scan and we're gonna scan
away this is it
no stuff is out of range sly move a bit
closer
oh yeah we're just a little bit okay
yeah you move a little bit closer aerial
area I think we've got to be within the
same you pulled your weird yeah it's so
easy so over there in the big chair oh
there's another volatile object look oh
just go around there okay how far well
there we go nine that's probably try
that
mmm scan doesn't end like scan the thing
you know cause you still had a range guy
a little bit let's go a bit closer I
think we still are that's over this way
I've lost where it is we're going inland
spirited Mara corvino's Ariel don't you
deliver there's everything you did we
should be right here there it nice
winner yeah
can you select it okay let's slow down a
little thing like that is right honest
how does it is not skinny oh we hit it
fix the engines quick Wow ah I'm going
to stay here Allen Jinja fine
storms okay I'm going to see if I can
scan that thing let's have a look
invalid yes you know what happened let's
see tactical scan required period oh
there we go signal songs scan there we
go scan any fix it I have to have make
sure it says Sigma sauce in the top left
here I let you jump back in
okay the signal okay it does appear to
have been I think it's far too weak for
it to be of any use now mechanics it is
overwhelmed by the environmental
conditions okay that's that why you've
been overwhelmed so - so rude right well
I mean nebulae one ting dead planet
Kratts moon yeah that was nearby wasn't
it locate still have that planet moon so
we round the dead planet where's the
correct moon and you seem very weary
shield whoa today there's like another
one coming up to the side of us can you
blow it up maybe approach target I might
be able do for beadles
what do we get Oh Porter speed approach
target ensign well what are you setting
quarter speed okay there's a volatile
object I left
fine try to see we can blow it up to our
left
yeah no cannot arrange your panel get is
that Basin won't be average what's he
updating mm-hmm scanners reduced
normally where's know it's there it's
the volatile objects can you hit that
mmm doesn't that's it that's the Bonner
that's the one that this is the one okay
we got to turn around I guess because
we're out of range
oh it's 11 kilometers away and yeah why
do we need to go - we need to find the
correct moon I'm looking on my display
Greg move mouth and rear dear dear panel
captain we're correcting we went past it
a minute ago I'm looking around outside
for why is it did we all have it is
I can see it outside the ship it's to
our left
I am updating your they stopped updating
my panel I'm looking for food it's like
constantly sent early things to read I'm
going to find it in a minute
um whoa Oh you get it
I did yeah look did it it's good what's
going going going going
yeah oh yeah blue nine hybrid of two
okay I'll tell you what I'm gonna take
over for medicine round we're gonna go
to the left it's over here somewhere and
I cry can we like Lea maybe it's in your
impulse everything I was trying to
figure that out
I don't like if I go phaser banks
torpedo oh I see we've got crew okay
there's the question movement but I
don't know way to be just need to fly
over there rather than subtle I mean it
really looks and care anomaly and that's
all jacked up and then don't you hit
these little here we go well let's head
over there and see what is there when we
get there
oh man I'm gonna hit a Mach I'm gonna
hit or do it dude don't try not to hit
okay get H to Disney is there another
one who you gon end yeah yeah yeah good
idea
whoa whoa hang on what was that
we did it I think damn it we've been hit
on the whole there's some damage going
on oh we're gonna hit that lock that
let's go this way
oh look out ok I killed the things
though good ok really good at this game
before good
where me captain captain yeah watch your
language all right really can you see
how to target that moon that's no moon
wrong both on universe execute okay
right I'm looking at this and it says
impulse to the cracked moon region oh
okay oh I see I see right my apologies
a pair of impulse engines because until
I get here
making ready make it so I make it so
it's not that crack marine it was
another crack moon it's a lucky AAA easy
here we are we're there okay okay
so you still over analysis you know
otherwise high frequency oscillation
around the moon all it is causing
reduced fidelity in our sensors so the
entire complete a scam but quality maybe
come from there we go that's your job
first officer GB okay we are slightly
out of range and navigate to the scans
position location okay so we've got to
go that full speed approach target high
firing turbines any snippy I took these
are blow to the Gunners ishieldz Brown
our side yeah a shield red net they down
although Bokan or I can sell from here
no I just didn't have them activated ah
I mean okay obscure oaken Erskine watch
out for the big look oh wait you know
it's skin man that moon even like
totally just roll he go full speed
let's see sets being full screen
I'm doing it hey wait scanning position
I stopped it for a minute because I
don't see full stop
no I zero because we're within range but
what I am NOT able to I think we need to
get a bit close much label you think so
yeah
standard here maybe okay okay approach
target full speed
ensign rail just in case you forgot
who's meant to be doing it
setting thousands of all specific and it
says we're nine kilometers away this I
don't know this has often optimal yes
can you scan it no I need you did are
you've got the wrong target look top
left what does it say you're targeting
hang on full start provides this nation
alright so you need to have select
linear surface yes Oh what are they
looking at my own shadow
no wonder no moon's surface if we got to
get oh here we go the thing five a
long-range oh wow easy
envy if you've got to fire a long-range
probe to scan the moon's surface that's
what you've got to do I go to believe
that that's where they'd be inhabited
have you done that in missing four yeah
I know you've done it
excellent finally shut the elation
and then point ears are telling to
something but neither is that little
stupid oh oh yeah absolutely really win
this it whatever you say point is right
we've got a we've got to go to the
nebula there we go
prepare impulse engines hi I need a
clean paintball scores here we go
why would you disreputable because we
may need those torpedo you know why
don't you every time you sat there
you're blowing things up left right and
center yeah an agreed it uh and then a
good idea is that agony engage we could
do it any oh-oh
got some walk in my eyes over here ooh
whoa
look around you Julie high concentration
of ionic recharge particles stay light
lows remaining here in the particle
field will negatively impact shield
function okay well okay should launch
approve and get out of here as soon as
pop that's down here say what you mean
she gets straight to the point intro
that's a nebula signature Roger on that
Gavin okay loyal birds been fired
excellent I bet point to users got
something to say now yeah Oh a ship here
we go indeed we may want to check it out
just in case approach target full speed
mmm okay I bet he hasn't said it's a
full speed you never does other I'm
reading this reading yes raise the
shields
feel the burn raise Gavin activating
you're probably busy when we get close
enough you can give them a scan see if
it anybody alive how their engines are
whether they've got any tea bags spare
you got any what is it tips
what's this not yorkshare tea moving
interview nom not PG tipps ball PG tear
test on your that's no good stuff
Yorkshire Tea entering the United Way
make a ship out to scan and now I'm
scanning it's a slow skin because we're
a minimal skinning capability right now
captain that's quite all right
I can see into a beetle no hey Red Alert
oh no okay stand down stand down food or
vetoes are armed captain just in case
this case is an enemy vessels to you oh
here we go what's he going to transfer
something computer is intact it's
encrypted but we should be able to
access
to our remote intrusion system thus you
ago with my favorite thing to do out of
range we're getting close though we
gotta get 15 Clinton is there I do love
a good remote intrusion mmm me too
so hazards hazards what so environmental
hazard
hey shields are Kazu why did you say you
out of range now shields up
shoes are uh yes yes servant simply
close enough turn to oh what's going on
outside it's looking a bit it's weird it
install certain - - oh it says just drop
it you the best disrupt the vessels
comms - Paul recent locks there you go
okay oh man is like thunder and
lightning legions moving out of the
anomaly why I don't need okay any dinner
remember who we should be a full speed
let's have a look at the speed on the
engines Oh
maximum power - angel are those else
going on there you go okay now I could
do it okay black communications
disrupting captain excellent you can you
can all stop it everyone Oh
full stop good idea it's a mess Lagos a
bit of a mess yeah we get to scuttle the
he did those cattle fire at will
Oh hostile vessel quick I'm on it
space fighter shields up children up if
I have some intrusion evasive maneuvers
or skiing reflection if breeding has a
new heading
okay there we go is he getting closer to
the ship
let's have a look at the target you
scanning them yeah yeah I'm scaling ammo
messing up
emergency channels fine if you get a
chance to fire at the okay
Oh approach targeted support EMP are you
pulling the target still out of range a
little bit full speed for speedrunnable
okay there we go what I share with my
engines on full shields air six five
percent captain okay five it well we
should be close enough camp waiting for
the torpedo Church phasers okay there we
go there we go goes aah Siebel disrupt
engines stop check I think five
everything whoa full power to shields
that's a Weasley weekly know you've hit
it but keep going disable weapon in
recalibrating those women clicks that's
Subaru Manali
okay shields are for power hole 64
shields at 20% repair shields yep Oh
field yeah car negative negative why not
what I don't think that's the answer I'm
looking for I'll do it myself
how do you do it I'm disrupting a web
entire inning sir okay I think we'll be
fine
we've murder we've done it they've gone
no you destroy yeah there's another one
I think there was two wasn't no I don't
think so cap no any I think what site
over there anomaly anomaly anomaly no I
think we're fine
whew they Kate silver for planetary
orbits okay let's go silver for
planetary orbit prepare impulse engineer
oh just set the destination are there we
go prepare impulse engine growling power
to the
the flux capacitor oh so cool how that
works
make it so engage go I was doing nothing
against me I found them a different self
prepare for impulse okay oh man
everything's light our shields at 8% Oh
what do we do about that entering and I
think you can fix that Camarena yeah
okay I'm gonna engage the repair
anything else being on okay
I think it's a fad we're in the anomaly
we're getting hit by lightning in all
sorts are there we go 100% well done oh
yeah oh okay
ah that's what's going on a ring have a
bungler oh we gotta go save them okay
oh we gonna save somebody if we yeah oh
honey you're getting yeah they're
getting messed up they don't know okay
we almost forgot about them as long as
we're fine the USS who can you get up on
the ladder and fix a bit of wire and
roof hanging down there so you've been
still annoying there wish it good but I
think we mister what some are hollows at
64% can you fix that because you might
get into a battle in everything you know
rupert seeks our most okay here we go
approaches target full speed faces set
the sun stand something i'm stunning
them captain arming torpedoes yes
fire at will messing them up captain I'm
a doing a ball skiing
excellent oh the Huxley's on the fire
okay let's
joins our skin gets all messed up
yeah I'm scaling now captain which one
you are it's an intrusion selecting I'm
going to disrupt their engines excellent
all power to shields are the Huxley okay
that's what we're aiming that they've
got whole 19% keep firing on that one as
much as you can
Roger that captain william four
torpedoes
a full power engine approach target full
speed we got bogies on it
okay he's approaching the Epton you
don't forget the captain I'm listening
to your lip yeah like the soup is
another one yep yeah might approach
target me now oh oh yeah stay with them
a little free nano Biggs I've gone okay
that's the Huxley the Huxley is okay we
did it with it yeah happy you're welcome
I'm afraid we need a little more we've
sustained damage on several decks and
our navigational systems are down before
you are Queen lion sister soon as
possible but we can't spot the course
you can lead the way my chief engineer
believes she has a method for us to
follow your warp signature yeah yeah
she's been watching Star Trek right walk
to the ended off system
prepare warp engine a script read
without Kevin okay we're having us an
issue in charging the coils catwalk
course ready is the warp engine ready I
can tell right here two seconds sir
ready wasn't charged
yay make it so engaged dummy engage what
is he doing
army come on dude
oh do we fire
oh it says walk for a walk cause damaged
of course do you know okay looking at
the charm again okay right do we think
we're ready okay let me plot course
first okay who does that
ensign does exceeding tolerance what
thing is lined up isn't it hey hang on
let's just engage online does do I get a
I got a worth it I get it punches hold
on him you let me know when his charge
okay yeah it is almost it is charged now
okay
and going what you need stupid me it
does say walk poor damage you might
prepare warp it says walk poor damaged
Barney that's weird
okay return to end another happily can
follow okay good well what course at 95%
captain I'm not sure what is major
promise
oh okay so maybe that's a bit maybe I do
have to charged
maybe I'm just doing something he'll
okay so it's seven seconds high staying
with yeah maybe maybe that's what it is
maybe that yeah because I can't prepare
warp if I try so there's no walked
estimation set well I did have a walk
destination set a minute ago died yeah
okay it's at 100% now captain oh there
we go buddy an actual repair warp engine
or now we're good like work Wells which
occurred he's lining up for walk that's
what I want to hear it sort of was just
that we were four percent of last we
were in a hundred percent IV not
alliance with make it so no I've got it
you know what I'm going to line it out
yourself could this ensign you give it a
waste area doesn't you fire that guy I'm
telling you okay let's lie down teen
second okay we're like almost there
almost there I'm going to do the walk
thing here we go here we go do it punch
it
whoa what are these blue things are we
back
hey yeah we're back and then
everything's good life is good okay
we're here
oh what's up you has not explained the
ride safely yeah well are they through
okay giving a factor you persecute us s
yeah we're on it yeah we probably did it
crashing into this he's gonna go through
the same we're back and we did everybody
well we must get the Huxley and I am now
I'm lieutenant junior grade hey
congratulations you don't you know much
that mean you can change your hook maybe
I kind of like these nice snazzy blasted
it's quite tight fishing isn't it don't
you like I've been working out you don't
muscles look you go be I've been working
at it curved especially got Bo mark
under there beyond him embarrassing so
we did it we successfully saved in that
stormy seas another one marked up to a
success for the hermit craft thank you
guys for watching
and until next time oh do I get say wait
until they don't take care push it
brush your hair I see when I see you
good face yeah